create equals method to the calendar class (#3010)
Codecademy/docs: content/java/concepts/calendar/terms/equals/equals.md

---
Title: '.equals()'

> Description: 'Adds the equals() method term entry for the Java Calendar class.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Used to determine if two calendar objects are equal.'
```
The description is of the term, not the entry.

Subjects:
  - 'Learn Java'
Tags:
  - 'Calendar'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
---

> 
> 
> 
> # `equals()` Method in Java Calendar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
No initial header. The title in the metadata provides that.

> The `equals()` method in the Java `Calendar` class is used to determine if two calendar objects are equal. It compares the time values of the two calendar instances to check if they represent the same point in time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.equals()`** method in the Java `Calendar` class is used to determine if two calendar objects are equal. It compares the time values of the two calendar instances to check if they represent the same point in time.
```

## Syntax

> ```java
> public boolean equals(Object obj) {
>     // Implementation details for the equals() method
> }
> ```
> # `equals()` Method in Java Calendar

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```pseudo
result = myCalendar.equals(obj)
```
````
The syntax example should be an outline of the method in use, not the method signature.

The `equals()` method in the Java `Calendar` class takes an `Object` parameter (`obj`) and returns a boolean value. It is used to compare the time values of the calling calendar instance and the provided object. The comparison is based on the underlying time values, regardless of any additional calendar fields or time zone settings.

If the time values of both calendar instances are equal, the method returns `true`, indicating that they represent the same point in time. Conversely, if the time values are not equal, the method returns `false`.

> This comparison solely considers the time values and does not take into account other calendar fields or time zone differences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This comparison solely considers the time values and does not take into account other calendar fields or time zone differences.
```

> ---
> ## Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example

```

```java
import java.util.Calendar;

public class CalendarEqualsExample {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        // Create two Calendar instances
        Calendar cal1 = Calendar.getInstance();
        Calendar cal2 = Calendar.getInstance();

        // Set the time of cal2 to be the same as cal1
        cal2.setTimeInMillis(cal1.getTimeInMillis());

        // Check if cal1 and cal2 represent the same point in time
        boolean areEqual = cal1.equals(cal2);

        System.out.println("Are cal1 and cal2 equal? " + areEqual);
    }
}
```

> ## Example
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> In this example, the `equals()` method is used to compare two `Calendar` instances, `cal1` and `cal2`. The time values of both instances are set to the same point in time using the `cal2.setTimeInMillis(cal1.getTimeInMillis())` method.

Reviewer: Move this line before the example code block.

> The `equals()` method compares the time values of the two `Calendar` instances. Since the time values of `cal1` and `cal2` are the same, the `equals()` method returns `true`, indicating that they are equal.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
The `equals()` method compares the time values of the two `Calendar` instances. Since the time values of `cal1` and `cal2` are the same, the `equals()` method returns the following output:

```shell
Are cal1 and cal2 equal? true
```
````

> 
> It's important to note that this comparison solely considers the time values and does not take into account other calendar fields or time zone differences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Remove this as it's duplicating a prior line.
